Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let me go ahead at the recap. So I'm just not turning on the recording. We started exactly at 4:59pm Eastern Standard Time. I am with Mr. Samuel Griffith
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: This is a 34 year old male patient who's here for opioid use disorder. He came to us via the Cleveland drug court he needs UDS and counseling. He is currently getting his medications elsewhere.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, he is able to start attending our weekly groups and medical management on Tuesdays at one o'clock. And so, Mr Griffith will get that setup and I'm gonna send you an email. Once we finish up here okay to just to kind of summarize some of the things we talked about. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. All right. And if you have any questions don't hesitate to stop me. We do check in on our patients, you can give us a call. Usually the first meeting once you go to any doctor first meeting is when you get asked a lot of questions.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So if I sound a little redundant because I'm repeating myself, I just want to make certain that you feel comfortable that you understand and. If at any time you go ahead and slow me down. Okay.
Galaxy A20: All right, we'll do
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, then I'm going to minimize the view. But let me know if you can still see me okay
Galaxy A20: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, all right, cuz I can see you. Let's go here. All right. I can still see you pretty good.
Galaxy A20: Okay, yes.
No. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay, so you 34 years young year old male and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What was the, what was your drug of choice. Mr. Griffith
Galaxy A20: Um, it was Percocet.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. And how did you use your Percocet.
Galaxy A20: But I took my mouth.
Galaxy A20: And we'll kind of go
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so by mouth is snorting. Okay. And what was the max Doshi us on on any given day. Was that your max average dose.
Galaxy A20: Um, what do you mean like one pill.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Most you took in a day 3040 milligrams, or more
Galaxy A20: I'm not sure about somewhere around there. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. So approximately 30 to 40 milligrams a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, okay.
Galaxy A20: Wow, I was getting prescribed. I was getting prescribed it was three 7.5 hours a day.
Galaxy A20: Okay, actually started with and then I kind of stayed right around there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. And how did you end up getting the prescription
Galaxy A20: Because I have a destroyed back. There's something wrong, my back really bad and I went to the doctor and he did an MRI and all that they tried to me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so you have a history of chronic back pain.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. Did you ever have any trauma motor vehicle back accident.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay, so you had this chronic back pain. So they don't really know why.
Galaxy A20: Why I DID. I'VE DONE manual labor pretty much my whole life. So, pretty sure
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so it sounds like it's probably associated with manual labor and I've had patients who've had that same history. Okay. Before that time when you were younger. Did you ever use any drugs like marijuana, alcohol.
Galaxy A20: Marijuana. That's it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. When did you use marijuana
Galaxy A20: I'm probably like 1617 I probably started
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So history of marijuana use at age 1617
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Years old. And how long did you use marijuana
Galaxy A20: Um, I didn't really use it that much. I use a little bit here and there. I mean, I don't know, for a little while. I just, I mean, probably for a while. I stopped for like two years and then I kind of started again and then I stopped again. So, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So like an intermittent use and how long did you use the Percocet.
Galaxy A20: Only well not only, but for four years.
Galaxy A20: Okay, from
Galaxy A20: See I'm 29 now from like 28 to 32 somewhere around there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you use the Percocet. Okay, from age 28 years old to 32 years old and how did you and are you currently using a Percocet, or you just don't you Suboxone
Galaxy A20: Now I just use my spot on. I have not touched Percocet, since April 14 2018
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so last us perks. You say it April 14 yes 2018 2018 and what helped you to make that decision. Was it because of some legal problems or did you get treatment.
Galaxy A20: No, I just stopped them.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And so when you so when you stop them on your own. What did you do. Did you get the the Suboxone off the street or okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, so you stopped Percocet. It was so self motivated know again you yeah and you got the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Suboxone off Street. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right there, so you're currently on Suboxone
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. How much do you take a day.
Galaxy A20: I take, I get tried for two milligrams milligram tablet day
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Galaxy A20: milligrams a day. Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. And it's right in is prescribed and I didn't see that on your or so thank you for letting me know that. Okay.
Galaxy A20: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then. So when you were using the Percocet, you're using about I'm just kind of recap about 30 to 40 milligrams a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: When you were using those illegally. Were you having to increase your use that you find you had to increase the amount to get
Galaxy A20: Made a little bit but a little bit but not. I mean, I always I didn't really want to do them. I was just kind of didn't want to be sick, stuff like that. So after I stopped going to prescribe them. It was just so I didn't get sick.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, I did not.
Galaxy A20: I mean, I always was, was wanting to stop. So I didn't let it get out of control.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I see what you're saying. So when you were using them. It sounds like when you use them.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They kept you from getting sick. But when you stop using them. Would you say you get was it like adult sickness what sickness. Did you get
Galaxy A20: Le which are all in and stuff like that. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. And that can be pretty miserable.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right now, do you have any of that on your current dosa Suboxone
Galaxy A20: Know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so it sounds like the dose is good for you.
Galaxy A20: Yes. Excellent. I'm doing great.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay that's good to know. Um, let's see, when you were using the Percocet. Were you spending a lot of time trying to get the drug like having a define your deal or anything like dad or friends or family.
Galaxy A20: I mean, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, and that's that's pretty normal.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. Okay. Did it result in any break up your relationships that in negatively impact your work relationship when you were doing the Percocet.
Galaxy A20: No, I mean, I go to work and I didn't really do nothing at work. I just men that come home and I was about it. So,
Galaxy A20: It didn't really affected me more than anything else. So, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And any other problems that were associated with with misuse and a Percocet.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. No other problems. Okay. Do you have a history of overdose.
Galaxy A20: Never
Okay, do you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Ever. Did you ever have to use our can
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Never. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you have Narc and now
Galaxy A20: Yes, I have. I never used any other job besides that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right there. I'm glad you have it on it with you because a lot of my patients, even when they didn't need it for themselves.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They often say to friend or family member, and I mean I travel with mine just in case if I'm at the grocery store. I need to give right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It is a lot of people would have saved lives just from having that Narcan
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Have you ever. What's your treatment history. Is this your first time being treated
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I've never got treated for anything. I stopped my own and and I got in trouble with the Gutter Cleaning drug court and I went through I op and graduated that and I'm about to graduate from the drug court.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: OK, so the medicines, you're getting now the Suboxone is that through the Cleveland drug court.
Galaxy A20: No, well they referred me to I. O. P was recovery resources and I'm still recovering resources.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay at recovery resources. So you're currently at recovery resources in Cleveland, yes.
Galaxy A20: I was I graduated already
Galaxy A20: But
Galaxy A20: The doctors through them.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Dan recovery resources will they be continuing to prescribe Suboxone or will that we will. Okay, so read recovery resources will prescribe Suboxone
Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so we need to get a release of information from recovery resources.
Galaxy A20: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then. And I'll ask our team to do that. Okay. And that way we can keep up on one of the medicines, you're getting. And if, with your permission if they need to communicate with us or we need to communicate with them. We won't do anything without getting permission from you. OK. OK.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: OK.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: OK. And this is including inside the right my little notes as I go along. Okay.
Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So have you ever been a person that has drank excess alcohol or drink alcohol and general socially.
Galaxy A20: I mean, yeah, I used to drink when I was younger from like
Galaxy A20: Bonnie, I say low 19 to like 23 I was drinking like working and stuff.
Galaxy A20: No, go ahead and never
Galaxy A20: It was never excessively no
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now, for no reason.
Galaxy A20: Not at all.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So no alcohol intake.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What about you've heard it a Madison's like the bizzle Dale's opinions, your
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Xanax Klonopin
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Ever taken none of that advantage and no benzo us
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know, all right. The reason we really ask about that I really want to make certain that you not drank the preferences that you not drink alcohol or use the pencils with you people morphing
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And high dose buprenorphine as a very safe medication.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And to their two medicines or two drugs that can reduce the safety of the Suboxone one is alcohol and other one of the nerve pills. So, since you're not doing either preferred itchiness start. Okay.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, no, I'm good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Does that can suppress your breathing and can result in an overdose. Okay.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, there's no worries. I'm, I'm good.
Good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. And so while we're talking. I'm gonna veer off just a little bit. And this is a question I'll ask you just like pretty much every time you have a one on one with me. Any thoughts of hurting yourself or anyone else.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Never. Okay, seeing or hearing anything that's not there. No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any firearms in the home.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Is there been a history of all suicide attempt.
Galaxy A20: No, never.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Any psychiatric disorders.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, seeing or hearing anything that's not there. No. Okay. Is there a family history of suicide. No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Never know. Katie. Okay, do so at this point in time. How are you feeling about yourself.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Excellent. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then. So wanted to ask, and we'll keep will keep revisiting that to to see just in general, how you fill an overall. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And that's pretty that we do that every visit. Okay.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So this next one we're going to go to is your past medical history. So one of the things we always ask about is, is there a history of hepatitis C hepatitis B. No. Okay. HIV. Nope.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What about tuberculosis.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Have you been exposed to tuberculosis. No. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then. Is there a. Is there any type of mental health history like history of anxiety.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now, depression, bipolar. No. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. What about like hypertension.
Galaxy A20: Nothing.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So it seems like the only is so from what I'm gathering your only past medical history, would it be chronic back pain.
Galaxy A20: Yes, that's it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And who's addressing that.
Galaxy A20: Um I nobody I stopped taking a Percocet and I just kind of I got over it so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is it a problem. Now, you still have you
Galaxy A20: Know the, um, that's what the doctor told me that I'm Suboxone we're probably help and it actually does. I mean, it helps
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: A little bit. Okay, so
Galaxy A20: I mean, I'm pretty good feel great. Honestly, I'm not gonna say
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, I'm some boxes. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Did you ever get to a point with the Percocet. The more you took them to send it seemed like to worship back pain. God or just didn't get any better.
Galaxy A20: Exactly, yep, that's why I'm like this is pointless. So
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 2.3 point. Okay, then let's see. So we're moving along pretty good here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any past surgeries.
Galaxy A20: No, never.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No surgery. So, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And let's go ahead and go to your family history is your mother alive.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, okay. How's her health
Galaxy A20: She has Parkinson's.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So mom's alive and she has Parkinson's. Okay. Does she have a history of any type of addiction and mental health.
Galaxy A20: No, never. Nothing.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So, so no anxiety, depression,
Galaxy A20: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: A pole or no okay and no history of addiction. Nope, okay. How about your father see
Galaxy A20: He's guess he's still alive and He has nothing either he's very
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, no diagnosis.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No mental health.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Issues no history of addiction.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Damn.
Galaxy A20: Pretty great child had a great pretty pretty great childhood I just made some bad decisions.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, okay. It sounds like you're
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I knew it.
Galaxy A20: I knew there are bad decisions to guys guys proud I was hanging around or whatever. So
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Well, let me ask you this sounds like a good revelation. You've come to. So, on a scale of one to 1010 being your you 110% ready to change zero is non How ready are you to make the change and have a life a sober lifestyle.
Galaxy A20: bended that I've been sober for a long time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. So, on one a team. What would you rate yourself.
Galaxy A20: On hundred and 10%
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Of identity so very motivated. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Definitely, definitely. Now one of the things we always say is good to see the motivation. We definitely his motivation is very positive. But if anything ever happens if you start having any other thoughts or
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: If anything does happen. Please don't run from us run to us. Okay. That's why we hear
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The sooner you deal with any slip ups or thoughts or anything better. OK.
Galaxy A20: OK.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That one right okay any siblings. How are you, siblings,
Galaxy A20: Yes, I have a brother and sister both very
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, brother and sister.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, sister, both healthy
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. Okay. Any addiction and mental health issues, done. Okay. Damn. And let's see, we'll go through the social history, see how things are going. Okay, um, tobacco, do you smoke cigarettes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah okay do. And let's see, um, how much do you smoke.
Galaxy A20: Smoke a pack a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so we're looking at pack per day. When you start
Galaxy A20: When I was like 15 or 16
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, my 15 years old. All right, any desire to stop smoking.
Galaxy A20: I mean, yeah, eventually, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you plan to stop eventually
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. Awesome. It's something that you kind of put in the back of your mind.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm glad we're having a conversation. Do you know the benefits of smoke of not smoking.
Oh, yeah.
Galaxy A20: I mean, health, big time.
Galaxy A20: All kinds of stuff. So
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, you're right. Definitely. Definitely. I know my Panda. Okay, so one of the things that kind of jump out when I'm looking at the benefits is not smoking, many, many of people that smoke cigarettes lose about 1010 years of their life. Yeah, that's a big chunk of time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The very motivating thing about when you stop smoking the minutes. The benefits can add up in minutes. Within about 30 minutes is believe that your blood pressure, heart rate can go back to normal.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: If you stop smoking for about what is it about 48 hours, your risk of heart attack and decrease. I've had patients tell me when they start smoking for a couple of days they notice that there's smell comes back, they start writing and it tastes like I didn't know food tastes like this.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But one of the biggest things I've had a lot of patients say is that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They felt younger. So we do know that smoking.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Break it ages you rapidly. A lot of my papers, people who look older in their state of Asian is not you, you still
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You have a very youthful look but it does have a tendency to ages. It also has the tendency for the warriors, is that fight infection. They may not be as hard to fight off infections. A lot of my smokers do with a lot more respiratory infections. Okay. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So, but one of the main things is that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: When you finally stopped smoking, you feel younger because you're going up to heal. Are you going up the stairs and you're not shorter breath and the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Third stare, and I've had a lot of patients to say, Look, I can keep up with my key is and keep a migraine key is now. And so the patients out of best advocates actually
Galaxy A20: But yeah, but yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah. Have you tried any nicotine products.
Galaxy A20: Know I stopped for like five days. But then I started smoking again.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So now, one of the things that people tell me that smoking is one of the hardest things to stop that nicotine is the cravenness intense
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But they have products where you can get the thing that you crave, which is the nicotine, but not get all the other things then increase your risk of cancer.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They do have lots of nicotine products, you have a patches. So do you have a primary care doctor
Galaxy A20: Uh, yeah, they just, they just gave me one, but I'm not sure what is this
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so you can talk to them about a patch. You put it on your shoulder don't sleep with it. You have some of the worst things in your life or her
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you put the patch on that gives you like a steady your nicotine that you're going to be using for the day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And then if you have a craving instead or reach a photo cigarette. Some people like having that gun because they're doing something with their mouth. So you chew gum and stay at all you the laws and juror or the inhaler.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It's the combined treatment. It actually works better for a lot of patients. Okay. Were you getting the nicotine and not having the withdrawals, but you're cutting back or and stopping decrease your risk for getting those those products that cause cancer. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So we definitely want you to think about that. And whenever you see me, we'll, we'll always revisit that because that's just something we focus on here, bright heart health. We want to encourage you to stop. Okay. Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And so you've overcome a lot. So that's just one little, little plant that seed and we'll just keep water right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I know with alcohol. So no. All right, Dan. How's your diet. Are you getting fruits, vegetables,
Galaxy A20: Oh yeah, I love fruit I drink I eat fruit, all the time. I drink like orange juice, apple juice, stuff like that. I mean, I look
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: At so fruit veggies you get meat and starches.
Galaxy A20: Oh, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Are you getting a balanced diet.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I mean I tried to be pretty good multiple times.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Some dairy.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I can. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You will, you know, some type of calcium source because now you have to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Be careful.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Do you, do you have like a household smoke detector wear seatbelts.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, oh yeah, oh,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now right then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now, are you married a single
Galaxy A20: I'm single. Technically,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, single and so safe sex practice.
Galaxy A20: Yes, I've been waiting for six years. We got two kids together. I'm just technically
Galaxy A20: saying we're not married. So
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I got you in sexual active. Okay, Dan. All right. The and what is your birth gender.
Galaxy A20: Male
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Alrighty, in terms of your education.
Galaxy A20: I finished 11th grade.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, do you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And do you feel comfortable reading
Galaxy A20: Oh yeah I'm great reader.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan. And that's something I try to ask everyone. Okay, just so that if there's any communication problems if we need to slow it down. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Do you have a legal history. Can you tell me your legal history.
Galaxy A20: I have none whatsoever. Besides the case that I just got for this.
Galaxy A20: Big it was last year.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So Cleveland County Cleveland County drug court.
Galaxy A20: Yep, that's it. It's only thing ever.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And how did you get there.
Galaxy A20: I'm the person I was low, with my sister's boyfriend was living with me and he was, I guess you are selling drugs and stuff like that. And they call them, they came in the house and they found
Galaxy A20: Because I had stopped. I was sober already, but they found empty baggies and like cut up straws in my dresser.
Galaxy A20: And they got tempted attempted possession
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Possession. Okay.
Galaxy A20: Here for a while that I'm like, I thought I got rid of our guests, they found they literally turned my house upside down and they found
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Because you yeah he was in your house. Okay, I see what you're saying. I see exactly what you're saying. So in terms of your living situation is that you and your girlfriend.
Galaxy A20: Now, yes, I got it. Eric
Galaxy A20: So,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So, okay. Do you live alone.
Galaxy A20: I live with her when my kids.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, little girlfriend and is it, how many kids.
Galaxy A20: Two three technically stuff.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So three kids.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right there. Is that safe place. You feel safe there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh yeah. All right. The gotcha education. Okay. And your employment.
Galaxy A20: I'm a full time employee.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, for time. All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And what's your arm. What keeps you motivated. You sound very motivated. What's got you motivated to live a sober life.
Galaxy A20: My life. I mean, that's what I've never, I've always lived a great life up until that point word. I just, I don't know what was wrong. I don't know, I just do so.
Galaxy A20: I always had a good job. I always did everything the right way and then I got around a couple people that I'm just like, Okay, whatever. And it took a lot to it says, I'm like, No, no, no, no, no. And then I'm like, all right, whatever. So
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Would you say you going back to your real self.
Galaxy A20: Oh yeah, I've been yeah I've been there for a little while. Yeah, I knew that wasn't me. That's why I knew it was always bad. But I was doing but I mean like, whatever.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Back on track and we're here to support you know can stay on track, who is in your corner with you.
Galaxy A20: I sent her my mother, my girlfriend. I mean, a lot of
Galaxy A20: That I'm good. I mean, I'm kind of no thoughts of nothing.
Galaxy A20: As a lead. It was great.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I am so I'm happy for you and you got to have a primary care doctor, do you have a dentist.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. So I do want you to locate a dentist, because that's just part of your overall health.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So a couple of things.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We do to check your lab so you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Negative for help. See, from what you're telling me and help be
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But we do have vaccinations for help pay and also for help be so we do recommend that. And you do need to have
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: PPD place. You ever been tested for TB.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I have before. Well, well.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So definitely want you to do that. So you'll get your last from us and I usually check laughs about every six months, not the total like what you're going to do an intake.
Galaxy A20: Not that I just got dumb dumb done when I first got my soapbox on so couple or. I mean, it's probably been
Galaxy A20: Month by month by month ago, right. So we'll do a new set. And that's something we usually keep you check to make certain that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Nothing comes back later on and usually if you're not injecting you very very low risk, most of them I was saying, the majority of my patients. I've ever
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Seen at a tested positive for help. So you're healthy we're usually injecting I've had other patients that we think it may have been because of tattoos and everything, but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It's hard to know if you're
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know, and they did admit that, you know, they weren't using the BIS sanitary techniques with doing that. Okay, so that's something we do keep you checked on. Okay.
Galaxy A20: Right, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Alright, so the next set of questions is a review a system. This is just Academy. So bunch of questions just to get an idea of how you're feeling physically so you can just tell me
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, for the ones that are problematic or you have a fever nights, which yields.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No increase thirst increase your nation changes in your weight fatigue.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No changes which your vision loss of vision blurry vision anything wrong, which is no
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Vision. Oh, that is great. Anything wrong with you, hearing, hearing loss ear drainage ring any year
Know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Anything wrong with your nose nasal congestion abnormal nose bleeding.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know anything wrong with your mouth, throat voice lips or his mouth sores tongue source change invoice.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know anything wrong with your neck, neck pain next stiffness lumps and bumps in the neck.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know anything wrong with your breathing like shortness of breath. COUGH coughing up blood coughing up sputum.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Anything wrong with your chest or heart area, chest pain, race and harsh shortness of breath when you lay down swelling in your legs problems which of veins.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Anything wrong with just stomach. Stomach pain rectal paying bombing and constipation, diarrhea, no okay problems you're needing burning with your nation blood and urine urinate too much, not your name enough
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any sauce skin changes, changes which is skin, hair, nails,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any chronic muscle pain back pain cramping limping
Galaxy A20: Know I'm pretty good. Now, I mean,
Galaxy A20: I bet.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so we're almost done with these neurologically headache spinning room, lightheadedness, feigning numbness, anything like that, tingling, tremors, lack of coordination fall and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Problem speaking
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, any change in your moods problems function when you're around other people
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know any problems sleeping feeling worthless or delusions know any easy bleeding or easy bruising. No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. So you've had a complete negative review system. So we're pretty thorough here. Okay.
Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay Sir, are you on any medicines right now. Aside from your Suboxone
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know, so you're on a beaut no locks on your on the two milligrams to over 0.5
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you take
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Four tabs, a day.
Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. And you say you have Narcan
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. Okay, or do you have any allergies. Are you allergic to any medicines.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So no known drug allergies.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, when you see your primary care doctor please bring in some vitals. You know how they check your blood pressure weight and height we always always want to get a copy of your vitals. When you go to your primary care doctor. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm going to ask a few questions to see if you're any type of withdrawals was the last time you took your sub box off.
Galaxy A20: A little bit ago
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, less took the box on
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: A few minutes before
Galaxy A20: Couple hours ago.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But to around 2pm today.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. Alright, so these questions. This is looking at to see if you have any type of withdrawals. Okay, and just want to be objective. Oh, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Sweating over the past half hour. Have you had any chills of flushing. No. Okay, getting restless. Have you been able to sit still. Are you having difficulty sitting still shifting often no
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Good Katie
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: bone and joint ache. Are you having pain.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That you believe is due to not having enough opioids and not having enough Suboxone or Percocet, or anything like that mouth pain severe pain any pain at all.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Any runny nose, a tear, And not accounted for about cold allergies.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Any upset stomach over the last hour, like cramping knowledge loose stools, vomiting, diarrhea,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, okay, tremors, can you hold your hands up. Let me look at your hands to your hands up both of them side by side.
Galaxy A20: My phone in my hand. I can't hold. Oh.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No tremors. I'll see in
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Front of your computer screen.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You got
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I haven't noticed you yawning. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, any increase irritability or anxiousness, sir.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Any ghosts Goosebumps feeling it noticing any Goosebumps on your arms anywhere.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So yokels, this is zero. So, like you're saying it's your, your, your very well controlled with their eight milligrams. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So your assessment will be the opioid use disorder but sounds like you're tolerating eight milligrams of the Suboxone a day. So we'll continue with that nicotine dependence on cigarettes and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We canceled, you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So transcriptionist if you could please put their the tobacco use and we canceled you from me put the time in here right for
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so we'll go ahead and do that. I'm seeing
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So, those look, that looks like this. The only assessment you have. So we'll go over your plan and I'm going to send you an email. Once we finished up here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So we'll get you LinkedIn weekly looks like you're, you will be doing the Tuesday weekly groups and we'll go ahead and make that happen. OK.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Ok ok so you won't be doing it this Tuesday, we're aiming for next Tuesday, but we will be
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Then also you do individual therapy mess twice a month. OK.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Ok ok so weekly and then you're you do your counselor twice a month. Individual therapy twice a month. That's about an hour. We do mafia urine drug screens. I'll pull yours. You know what the oars is
Galaxy A20: Yeah records.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, your prescription. You see history light. And so we'll look at every time you get your soapbox on field, it should show up on your orders. So we'll do that. We'll do a weekly. Bam. So that's looking at your
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know, like, what, what are the things you're doing like are you smoking what activities are you involved in looking at your risk and versus the protective factors. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So we will need you to go ahead and get the layups. Done. Have you gotten your labs collected yet, sir.
Galaxy A20: Dumb from you guys know from them yet recovery.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you will be getting the labs from us to go get that done to and you'll also for your urine drug screen will mail you a cup.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And what you will do when the virtual clinic contacts you. That's when you open up your cup your, your name in front of the input in front of your phone because we can actually read the cup.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right for
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What could be in. You don't want to open it up soon as you get it, use it and then it'd be to do the next day, you know, right.
There.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Should be instructions on. And plus, I'm going to send you some an email. Okay, I know how to use them. I would take a drug test for a while. I have never gotten started
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You're good, you're good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We'll get your release of information that will be coming to you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Um, let's see. I think that's pretty much it. The email go into a little bit more detail. And I'm going to look forward to seeing you. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you don't need any refills right
I know
Galaxy A20: It's like we can half ago or so don't like it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right from my records. HERE YOU PICKED UP ON FIVE five, you have enough
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, should be out on June 2 yeah
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I'm good. I still got
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So is there anything else I can do for you, sir.
Galaxy A20: No, that's it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, well I've enjoyed talking with you. Okay.
Galaxy A20: You can think
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'll look forward to seeing you around. Alright.
Galaxy A20: Alright. Have a good one.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, you too, sir.
Thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You can go ahead and log off. I gotta finish up.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, transcriptionist thank you so assessment and opioid use disorder and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What was the more we put in tobacco dependence.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So the main thing is the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Plan so patient is stable on us box on a total of eight milligrams a day. He gets this from
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: He gets this from recovery resources in Cleveland, so he'll continue current treatment. He has nor can he does not needing refills on a soapbox on release of information recall to be requested from recovery resources from clinic from Cleveland patient. I was educated
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: On the increased risk of death when mixing alcohol and benzodiazepine he verbalize and understand it and not mix these with us a box on next. He has a primary care provider, he will request vital signs from his PCP patient was also a vast to get PPD place to check for TB.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Tobacco tobacco cessation.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: was advised and methods of
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Cessation discuss time frames from
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I need to make certain I hear that that cold there that edit cold have was that need to add
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: For tobacco cessation.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Patient advice to acquire dentist.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: He was also educated
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That we will be starting on weekly group appointments
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And medical appointments. He was started Tuesday class at one o'clock we would do weekly BAMs monthly UDS I monthly or
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Use encouraged to collect this comprehensive intake laps and that we will be rechecking LF to help see every six months.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: He will be seeing us for us counseling urine drug screen TESTING, BUT HE WILL CONTINUE TO GET A Suboxone from recovery resources in Cleveland.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: dictation in a dictation. The time start time was 459 in times 540